---
layout: english
titile: Get started with Spring Boot
category: 英文
tags: Java
keywords: java,spring,boot,wonderfan
description: how to use spring boot in an easy way
---

### What is Spring Boot?
---

Spring Boot is a brand new framework from the team at Pivotal, designed to simplify the bootstrapping and development of a new Spring application. The framework takes an opinionated approach to configuration, freeing developers from the need to define boilerplate configuration. In that, Boot aims to be a front-runner in the ever-expanding rapid application development space.

Spring Boot — and, indeed, the entire Spring ecosystem — has embraced the Groovy programming language. Groovy’s powerful MetaObject protocol, pluggable AST transformation process, and embedded dependency resolution engine are what facilitate many of the shortcuts that Boot affords. At the core of its compilation model, Boot utilizes Groovy to build project files, so that it can decorate a class' generated bytecode with common imports and boilerplate methods, such as a class' main method. This allows applications written with Boot to remain concise, while still offering a breadth of functionality.

### Developing a Spring Boot Application
---

To demonstrate quickly getting a Spring web application up-and-running from within a Java Maven project, consider the application code outlined below:

```java
package com.wonderfan.springboot;

import org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication;
import org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.EnableAutoConfiguration;
import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.*;

@RestController
@EnableAutoConfiguration
public class Application {

  @RequestMapping("/")
  public String index() {
    return "Hello World";
  }

  public static void main(String[] args) {
    SpringApplication.run(Application.class, args);
  }
}

```


### Configuration

Spring Boot gets out of your way pretty quickly when you need to override its configuration defaults. By default, application configuration can be defined using a Java properties file at the root of the application’s classpath named application.properties. A preferred approach, however, is to use YAML configuration, which gives structure and depth to nested configuration. Given the presence of the snakeyaml dependency on the application’s runtime classpath, your project can then define configuration directives in an application.yml file.

```yaml
# Server settings (ServerProperties)
server:
  port: 8080
  address: 127.0.0.1
  sessionTimeout: 30
  contextPath: /

  # Tomcat specifics
  tomcat:
    accessLogEnabled: false
    protocolHeader: x-forwarded-proto
    remoteIpHeader: x-forwarded-for
    basedir:
    backgroundProcessorDelay: 30 # secs

```
